Derek Miller Rhetta Bornean depressive
stuff just doing my duty
spoken like a true soldier I'm sure you
recognize your old friend the partner
knife again put a bullet in my back
she's been raising hell all over the
globe for the past two years
last week partner stole a piece of
technology that's how we change the
world I need you and your team on this
one we do it my way no questions asked
man all right we got your back
[Music]
not loving the spot boss the partner
she's coming here
if you want to survive we're gonna have
to work together just remember we have
all the manpower and all the leverage
yeah it's using my daughter to get to me
you got kids Miller just go get my
little girl let's do this
come out come out wherever you are
you truly do not know when to quit
[Music]
I got your back soldier